DOCS-7400 Added Use Cases to Kafka (#725)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/kafka/kafka-connector-studio.adoc

. In Studio, create a Mule Project.
. Click the Exchange *(X)* icon in the upper-left of the Studio task bar.
. In Exchange, click *Login* and supply your Anypoint Platform username and password.
. In Exchange, select *All assets* and search for `Apache Kafka`.

> . Select Apache Kafka Connector and click *Add to project*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select *Apache Kafka Connector* and click *Add to project*.
```
OR
```suggestion
. Select the connector and click *Add to project*.
```

. Follow the prompts to add the connector to the Mule project.

== Consumer Configuration

You can create a consumer configuration global element to reference from Apache Kafka Connector. This enables you to apply configuration details to multiple local elements in the flow.

. In the Mule project canvas, click *Global Elements*.
. Click *Create* and expand *Connector Configuration*.
. Select *Apache Kafka Consumer configuration* and click *Ok*.
. For the connection, configure these fields:
+
* Bootstrap Server URLs +
List of host-port pairs used for establishing the initial connection to the Apache Kafka cluster. This is the same as the `bootstrap.servers` value you must provide to Apache Kafka clients (producer or consumer).
* Bean Reference (Optional) +

> The URLs that the consumer can use to connect to the Apache Kafka cluster.

Reviewer: parallelism
```suggestion
URLs that the consumer can use to connect to the Apache Kafka cluster.
```

* Group ID +
Default group ID for all the Apache Kafka consumers that use this configuration.
* Topic Subscription Patterns (Optional) +

> The list of subscription regular expressions to which to subscribe. Topics are automatically rebalanced according to the number of consumers of the topic.

Reviewer: parallelism
```suggestion
List of subscription regular expressions to which to subscribe. Topics are automatically rebalanced according to the number of consumers of the topic.
```

. For the producer connection, configure these fields:
+
* Bootstrap Server URLs +
List of host-port pairs used for establishing the initial connection to the Apache Kafka cluster. This is the same as the `bootstrap.servers` value you must provide to Apache Kafka clients (producer or consumer).
* Bean Reference (Optional) +

> The URLs that the producer can use to connect to the Apache Kafka cluster.

Reviewer: ditto
```suggestion
URLs that the producer can use to connect to the Apache Kafka cluster.
```
You can do it either way, but be consistent in any one list.

** Algorithm +

> The algorithm the truststore uses.

Reviewer: ditto

|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x

> | Consumption timeout a| Number | The amount of time units that this operation will wait for receiving messages. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Consumption timeout a| Number | The number of time units that this operation waits for receiving messages. |  |
```

|===

> The *Batch Message Listener* operation can also be used as an input source in Apache Kafka Connector:

Reviewer: Active?
```suggestion
You can also use the *Batch Message Listener* operation as an input source in Apache Kafka Connector:
```
